Are you French because Eiffel for you.
You must be Jamaican, because Jamaican me crazy.
Somebody call the cops, because it’s got to be illegal to look that good!
I must be a snowflake, because I've fallen for you.
If you were a steak you would be well done.
Are you lost ma'am? Because heaven is a long way from here.
There is something wrong with my rolodex. It doesn't have your number in it.
If you were a library book, I would check you out.
Are you a cat because I'm feline a connection between us
If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
My lips are like skittles. Wanna taste the rainbow?
Are you a beaver? Cause daaaaaaaaam!
Life without you is like a broken pencil... pointless.
Even if there wasn't gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you.
Roses are red, violets are blue, how would you like it if I came home with you?
We're not socks. But I think we'd make a great pair.
Are you a parking ticket? ‘Cause you’ve got fine written all over you.
I'm no photographer, but I can picture us together.
Do your legs hurt from running through my dreams all night?
If you were a chicken, you'd be impeccable.
Are you a 90 degree angle? Cause you are looking right!
If I were a transplant surgeon, I’d give you my heart.
On a scale from 1 to 10, you're a 9... And I'm the 1 you need.
If I could rearrange the alphabet I would put U and I together.
Is your name Bing? Because you've got everything I'm searching for.
Are you from Starbucks because I like you a latte.
Are you a banana because I find you a peeling.
Do you like vegetables because I love you from my head tomatoes.
Have you been to the doctor's lately? Cause I think you're lacking some vitamin me.
Do you generate electricity with water through the process of hydro power? Because dammmm.
Do you like science because I've got my ion you.
Are you my appendix? Because I don't understand how you work but this feeling in my stomach makes me want to take you out.
I know this is going to sound cheesy, but I think you're the gratest.
If you were a triangle you'd be acute one.
Does your left eye hurt? Because you’ve been looking right all day.
My feet are getting cold... because you’ve knocked my socks off.
Wow, when god made you he was showing off.
If beauty were time, you’d be eternity.
Is your name Wi-fi? Because I'm really feeling a connection.
Can I follow you home? Cause my parents always told me to follow my dreams.
If I were a cat I'd spend all 9 lives with you.
Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile.
If you were a fruit you'd be a fineapple.
I'll give you a kiss. If you don't like it, you can return it.
Did you swallow magnets? Cause you're attractive.
Wouldn't we look cute on a wedding cake together.
Kiss me if I'm wrong, but dinosaurs still exist, right?
Is your dad a terrorist? Because you are the bomb.
You must be a ninja, because you snuck into my heart
Can you pinch me, because you're so fine I must be dreaming.
I may not be a genie, but I can make all your wishes come true!
I’m not drunk, I’m just intoxicated by you.
If I followed you home, would you keep me?
If you were words on a page, you’d be fine print.
Are you a keyboard? Because you are my type.
There is something wrong with my phone. Could you call it for me to see if it rings?
I've seem to have lost my number, can I have yours?
If I had a garden I’d put your tulips and my tulips together
Did you hear of the new disease called beautiful, I think you're infected.
I thought Happiness starts with H. But why does mine starts with U.
You know what you would really look beautiful in? My arms.
I want someone to look at me the way I look at chocolate cake.
Is it hot in here or is it just you?
Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie to my diary?
You must be a magician, because every time I look at you, everyone else disappears.
Your name must be Coca Cola, because you're so da licious.
My doctor says I'm lacking vitamin U.
Did your licence get suspended for driving all these guys crazy?
When a penguin finds a mate they stay with them for the rest of their life. Will you be my penguin?
Can I take a picture of you so santa knows what I want for christmas?
I'm new in town, could you give me directions to your apartment?
I'll cook you dinner, if you cook me breakfast
What does it feel like to be the most beautiful girl in the room?
Good thing I just bought term life insurance … because I saw you and my heart stopped!
If I had a dollar for every time I thought of you, I’d be in a higher tax bracket.
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?
You’re so sweet, you’re giving me a toothache.
You could open that jar of mayonnaise using only 3 fingers.
Strangers all wanna sit next to you on the bus.
Coworkers fantasizes about getting stuck in the elevator with you.
If Einstein could meet you, he'd be "mildly to moderately" intimidated.
At least two friends are going to name their child and/or goldfish after you.
socks + sandals + you = I'm into it.
Your ex thought about you this morning, then they thought about donuts.
You are freakishly good at thumb wars.
A 3rd tier cable network would totally create a television show about you.
The FBI tapped your phone just to hear the sound of your voice.
You remind everyone of kiwis- delicious and surprisingly fuzzy.
You never forget to fill the ice-cube tray.
People enjoy you accidentally touching their butt while putting on your seat-belt.
I’d give you the last piece of my gum even if I’d just ate garlic.
There was a high school rumor that you are a distant relative of Abraham Lincoln.
You could make up a weird religion or diet and everyone would follow it.
Your siblings are pissed that your photo is the star of your parent's mantle.
Everyone at sleepovers thought you were the bravest during thunderstorms.
A doctor once saw your butt through the hospital gown. They approve!
Someone almost got a tattoo of your name once, but their mom talked them out of it.
You are your parent's greatest accomplishment, unless they invented the "spork".
Some dudes hope you start a band so they can start a cover band of that band.
Your principal would call you to the office just to look cool.
Your allergies are some of the least embarrassing allergies.
Your handshake conveys intelligence, confidence and minor claminess.
Cops admire your ability to stay a perfect 3-5 miles above the speed limit.
You rarely have to go to the bathroom when you fly in the window seat.
Cockroaches, mice and other pests avoid your place out of respect.
Callers are intimidated by how funny your voicemail greeting is.
Kids think you are the “cool old person”.
People always think your jeggings are regular jeans.
80% of motorcycle gangs think you’d be a delightful sidecar.
Everyone at the laundromat thinks you have the cutest underwear.
People behind you at movies think you are the perfect height.
Your parents argue over which one of them you look like.
Sushi chefs are wowed by your chopstick dexterity.
You want the best for everyone...except Gary.
You are someone's "the one that got away".
