You could open that jar of mayonnaise using only 3 fingers.
Strangers all wanna sit next to you on the bus.
Coworkers fantasizes about getting stuck in the elevator with you.
If Einstein could meet you, he'd be "mildly to moderately" intimidated.
At least two friends are going to name their child and/or goldfish after you.
socks + sandals + you = I'm into it.
Your ex thought about you this morning, then they thought about donuts.
You are freakishly good at thumb wars.
A 3rd tier cable network would totally create a television show about you.
The FBI tapped your phone just to hear the sound of your voice.
You remind everyone of kiwis- delicious and surprisingly fuzzy.
You never forget to fill the ice-cube tray.
People enjoy you accidentally touching their butt while putting on your seat-belt.
I’d give you the last piece of my gum even if I’d just ate garlic.
There was a high school rumor that you are a distant relative of Abraham Lincoln.
You could make up a weird religion or diet and everyone would follow it.
Your siblings are pissed that your photo is the star of your parent's mantle.
Everyone at sleepovers thought you were the bravest during thunderstorms.
A doctor once saw your butt through the hospital gown. They approve!
Someone almost got a tattoo of your name once, but their mom talked them out of it.
You are your parent's greatest accomplishment, unless they invented the "spork".
Some dudes hope you start a band so they can start a cover band of that band.
Your principal would call you to the office just to look cool.
Your allergies are some of the least embarrassing allergies.
Your handshake conveys intelligence, confidence and minor claminess.
Cops admire your ability to stay a perfect 3-5 miles above the speed limit.
You rarely have to go to the bathroom when you fly in the window seat.
Cockroaches, mice and other pests avoid your place out of respect.
Callers are intimidated by how funny your voicemail greeting is.
Kids think you are the “cool old person”.
People always think your jeggings are regular jeans.
80% of motorcycle gangs think you’d be a delightful sidecar.
Everyone at the laundromat thinks you have the cutest underwear.
People behind you at movies think you are the perfect height.
Your parents argue over which one of them you look like.
Sushi chefs are wowed by your chopstick dexterity.
You want the best for everyone...except Gary.
You are someone's "the one that got away".
Even if you were cloned, you'd still be one of a kind. And the better looking one.
It's not easy to be me. Which is why I need you.
I would love to spend every minute of every day with you, but some days I actually have to get stuff done.
Your smile is proof that the best things in life are free.
You're smarter than Bing and Mary Poppins combined.
I think the hardest part about being your friend is pretending as though I like my other friends as much as I like you.
You're not someone I pretend to not see in public.
I don't have a favourite colour, It's pretty much whatever you are wearing.
I can never remember my dreams, but I assume you are always in them.
You are like a corner piece of a puzzle. Without you, I'm completely lost.
If you knew how much I think about you, I would be very embarrassed.
I can't take my eyes off of you. Unless you notice me, then I'll quickly look away and act like it never happened.
Are you a beaver, because damn.
If it was legal to marry food, I would still choose you over pizza.
I bet you make babies smile.
If there is one thing I like about you, its that I like more than one thing about you.
You are more unique and wonderful than the smell of a new book.
I'm not drunk, just intoxicated by you.
You're the nothing when people ask me whats on my mind.
You are awkward, in a cute way. Like an elevator ride, but with puppies.
It's too bad you don't see what I see, if you did you'd smile and keep looking.
Just like an untrained puppy. I'd really like to take you out.
You know what's awesome? Chocolate cake, oh and your face.
Maybe you should eat some makeup so you can be pretty on the inside too.
Our time together is like a nap, it just doesn't last long enough.
Every day without you is like a day without my phone, I just don't know what to do with myself.
I'm really good at people-watching. I'm so glad I can share that hobby on you.
You make everything better. If people were more like you the world would be perfect.
You Could Never Be Ice Cream. Because You’re So Hot. And A Person.
Aside From Food, You’re My Favorite.
I Pretty Much Only Feel Comfortable When I’m Around You. You’re Like The Sweatpants Of My Life.
I Look At You The Same Way We All Look At Giraffes. Which Is Basically Like, “I Bet You Were Just Born Awesome.”
Thank You For Not Thinking I’m Weird. I Mean, We Both Know I’m Weird, But You Accept It, And That Makes Me Happy.
You’re So Cute, I Want To Throw A Rainbow.
The Only Thing Better Than Being Friends With You Is Being Friends With A Talking Dolphin.
You Could Survive A Zombie Apocalypse
When You Say, “I Meant To Do That,” I Totally Believe You.
In Terms Of Nintendo 64 Games, I Would Definitely Consider You To Be The Mario Kart Of The Group.
You’re The Fanny Pack Of Life. You’re Cool, But In Your Own Way.
I Honestly Think You Can Do Anything You Put Your Mind To. But I Know What Kind Of Thoughts You Have, So Maybe Hold Off On That For Now.
I Just Want To Hang Out With You And Do Stupid Things Together.
From Now On, All My Birthday Wishes Will Be About You.
You’re So Fun And Cute, I Bet You Sweat Glitter.
You Give Me Feelings That I’m Not Really Sure What To Do With, But I Sort Of Like It.
You Look Like What John Legend Sounds Like.
You’re Cooler Than A Childhood Secret Handshake.
You Know What I’m Thankful For? Having Met You. And Nutella.
I Bet You Do Crossword Puzzles In Ink.
If Someone Based An Internet Meme On You, It Would Have Impeccable Grammar.
You’re a great person to do a group project with.
I would hang out with you even if you hadn’t showered for a couple days.
You’re so hot, you make a dragon want to retire.
If you got really famous, I would be the first member of your fan club.
You are the droid I'm looking for
I want you more than Carly Rae Jepsen wants you to call her. . . Maybe
I want to be with you more than Snape wanted to be with Lily.  And since we're on the subject, I also want to be a wizard
Do you like me?  Breathe for yes, lick your elbow for no
If I could reach the stars, I'd give them all to you.  Or sell them to Rihanna, because she thinks they're diamons.  And then I'd use that money to buy you something nice, because that's what you deserve.
If you were a cartoon character, you'd be Perry the Platypus.  And if you don't know what I'm talking about, then I take it back.
You used to be the reason I smiled.  You still are.  But you used to be too.
If you were a bobblehead, I would try my best not to slap your head.  Because I'm sure that would be uncomfortable for you.  And your feelings are important to me.
Nothing can keep me from you. Not even a moat filled with lava, or a very aggressive dragon who hasn't been fed in quite some time.
Polar bears and penguins should fear your cuteness
Even if I were allowed to marry food, I would still choose you over pizza. And that’s saying something
Your face. I like it
Everyone wants you on their zombie apocalypse team and/or their regular apocalypse team.
Even the crankiest cats want you to scratch behind their ears
A stranger is still mortified about that one time when they farted in the same elevator as you. 
It has been scientifically proven that your photobombs increase the attractiveness of a photo by 76.2%
At least three people think about drunk texting you every Friday
At least one person is terrified you will find out how much they look at your Facebook profile.
The local deli owner is really close to naming a sandwich after you
Your hairdresser keeps all of your hair clippings, which is mostly creepy, but kind of nice!
Your upstairs neighbor is jealous that your downstairs neighbor gets to hear your footsteps all the time.
