If you were a triangle you’d be acute one.
My love for you is like dividing by zero – it cannot be defined.
Are you the square root of -1? Because you can’t be real.
I’d like to calculate the slope of those curves.
You’re lookin’ sharp, so let’s go back to my flat and get natural.
I’m not being obtuse, but you’re an acute girl.
Are you a differentiable function? Because I’d like to be tangent to your curves!
I wish I was your derivative so I can lie tangent to your curve.
You’ve got the curves; I’ve got the angles.
I want our love to be like pi, irrational and never ending.
I need some answers for my math homeworkQuickWhat’s your number?
You are one well-defined function!
Every function without you will always be void of love.
Can I have your significant digits?
My love for you goes on like the number pi.
If I were a function you would be my asymptote – I always tend towards you.
Are you a 90-degree angle? ‘Cause you’re looking right.
My love for you is a monotonically increasing unbounded function.
My love for you is like the slope of a concave up function because it is always increasing.
If I was cosin squared and you were sin squared we would be one.
How can I know so many hundreds of digits of pi and not the seven digits of your phone number?
You and I would add up better than a Riemann sum.
I need a little help with my Calculus, can you integrate my natural log?
You fascinate me more than the Fundamental Theorem of Calculus.
I can figure out the square root of any number in less than 10 seconds You don’t believe me? Well, then, let’s try it with your phone number
The derivative of my love for you is 0 because my love for you is constant.
I’m good at math... let’s add a bed, subtract our clothes, divide your legs, and multiply!
Our love is like dividing by zero... you cannot define it.
If you were a graphics calculator, I’d look at your curves all day long!
In an infinite number of universes, I´d pick you in all of them.
Are you pirates of the pancreas? Cuz we gonna be having a shit load of legal issues after one ride.
Show me what you got under that shirt.
We gotta get naked so the Somalian space pirates can´t see us.
Show me what you got!
Let’s get riggity riggity wrecked son!
I have to fulfill my purpose so I can go away!
You’re so cute you make my zygomaticus muscles contract.
Girl whenever I am near you, I undergo anaerobic respiration because you take my breath away.
If you were part of a leaf, you’d be a cuticle.
When I met you, it felt like moving from two-dimensional chromatography to fluorescence-based sequencing.
Falling in love with you takes less time than my DNA takes to replicate.
Girl, your name must be Phylum, because you are above class.
My hypothalamus must be secreting serotonin because baby, I want you!
I’ve been single-stranded too long! Lonely TCGTATGG would like to pair up with congenial AGCATACC.
Will you be the adenine to my thymine?
I may be a microbiologist but your biology is macro!
Girl do you love water? That means you love 80% of me.
Hey baby, want to form a synapse with me and exchange neurotransmitters?
You are the A to my T and the C to my G.
I’m Homozygous recessiveWanna do a test cross?
Are you a start codon? Because you’re turning me on!
Hey baby, you look so good I wish I could plant you and grow a whole field of you!
You are like cholesterol cause you are dangerous to my heart.
Baby, you give me sudden protracted cardiac arrhythmia every time I see you.
Do you think our blood types are compatible?
We can make a mess as I’ve hired some lysosomes to clean up after.
Are you a glucose gradient? Cause I’m tumbling randomly in your direction.
Babe, you’re sending out excititory neurotransmitters and I think there is an action potential.
Hey baby, do you feel like A CAC ATTAC? Perhaps A CAC GAG?
I wish I were adenine because then I could get paired with U.
Like metagenomics on conventional genome sequence, you’ve showed me that there is so much more to the world than I used to see.
When I first saw you I thought you were a mutant because you have such freakishly good looks.
Right now we’re just two RNA, but maybe we could transcribe together and become DNA(yes, technically this wouldn’t happen, but use your imagination!)
If I were a neurotransmitter, I would be dopamine so I could activate your reward pathway.
If you were C6, and I were H12, all we would need is the air we breathe to be sweeter than sugar.
I also prefer my ribosomes bound tight.
I knew there was more to you than money!
I am on a diplomatic mission... To totally make out with you.
You definitely belong up here in the clouds.
Curse my metal body, I wasn’t fast enough!
Are you a Sith Lord? Because I’ve Fallen for you.
You’re endor-able!
R4 is red R2 is blueIf I was the force, I’d be with you.
You’re the droid I’ve been looking for.
Not a Dagobah that I don’t think about you.
You’re hotter than the flames on Mustafar.
I can’t help it – I am trapped in the gravitational field of your eyes!
I’m looking for a Jedi in the streets, but a Sith in the sheets.
Someone must have shot you with a phaser set on ‘stunning’.
I have a bad feeling about this.
The Force will guide our actions.
Is your name Wi-Fi? Because I’m feeling a connection.
Baby, you make my floppy disk turn into a hard drive.
Hey, my name’s MicrosoftCan I crash at your place tonight?
I think my heart just lagged.
Are you sitting on the F5 key? Because your backside is refreshing.
I’m not staring; I’m just stuck in a loop.
If you were a browser, you’d be called FireFoxy.
If I were an operating system, your process would have top priority.
You are my loop conditionI keep coming back to you.
If you were a dynamically allocated variable in a C++ program, you’d create a leakBecause I’d never delete you from my life.
If I freeze, it’s not a computer virusI was just stunned by your beauty.
What’s a nice girl like you doing in a chatroom like this?
A life without you would be like a computer without an OS.
You must be Windows 95 because you’ve got me feeling so unstable.
Roses are #FF0000, violets are #0000FFAll my base belong to you.
You’ve stolen the ASCII to my heart.
If you tried to free me from your allocated memory I’d become a dangling pointer because girl, I’ll never stop writing to you.
How about we do some peer-to-peer sharing? Your domain or mine?
You can unzip my files anytime.
If I was a Jedi, would you be my force?
You’re hotter than a data center!
Why it’s not good to pick up dates online? Because you can receive a virus.
My Creeper (Minecraft) gets excited when it sees how hot you look.
You must be a summoner, cause I can feel a powerful creature rising... in my pants!
If you won’t let me buy you a drink, at least let me fix your laptop.
Hey, girl do you play Minecraft? Because if you do, I sure wanna play creative with you!
Jedi Mind Trick: This is the geek you’re looking for. (waves hand)
What’s a girl like you doing in a place like this when there’s a Battlestar Galactica marathon on right now on the Sci Fi channel?
I was hoping you wouldn’t block my pop-up.
You must’ve been made by Intel to be that hot!
You can put a Trojan on my Hard Drive anytime.
You still use Internet Explorer? You must like it nice and slow.
I hope you’re an ISO file because I’d like to mount you.
My servers never go down... but I do!
Are you a computer keyboard? Because you’re my type.
Are you an angel, because your texture mapping is divine!
You got me stuck on Caps Lock if you know what I mean.
How about we do a little peer-to-peer saliva swapping?
Mind if I run a sniffer to see if your ports are open?
Your beauty rivals the graphics of Call of Duty.
It’s like Beauty and the BeastI’m the Beauty you are the Beast.
You’re my Cinderella, ella.
Do you remember my name? You Don’t? You Dumbo.
Dang girl, are you Dory from Finding Nemo? Because I know you remember me!
You have really nice eyesYou remind me of Quasimodo.
I lie only because they used to call me the Lion King.
I’d dress in drag and do the hula for you.
You Make My Heart Soar Higher Than Pixie Dust.
Dang girl, are you Wall-E? Because you haven´t said a word but I´m totally into you.
Do you happen to have a band-aid? Cupid just shot me in the heart.
You look a lot like my third wife (this next really deserves a Vaudevillian style rimshot) ...of course, I’ve only been married twice!
I’m having a really bad day and it always makes me fell better when I see a pretty girl smile so would you smile for me?
Are you spring? Because you have me twitter pated.
Aye Mary — youze Poppin’.
Like a Disney DVD, I’m enhanced with Fast Play.
Are you made of beryllium, gold, and titanium? You must be because you are BeAuTi-ful.
Are you made of copper and tellurium? Because you’re CuTe.
You must be made of uranium and iodine because all I can see is U and I together.
Forget hydrogen; you’re my number one element.
Chemists do it on the table periodically.
Do you have 11 protons? Cause your sodium fine.
You must be the acid to my litmus paper because every time I meet you I turn bright red.
You must be a compound of barium and beryllium because you’re a total BaBe.
You and I would undergo a more energetic reaction than Potassium and water.
Are you made of Fluorine, Iodine, and Neon? ‘Cause you are F-I-Ne.
Hey baby, will a little more alcohol catalyze this reaction?
Scientists have recently discovered a rare new element called BeautiumIt looks like you are made of it.
You make me hotter than sulfur hydroxide mixed with ethyl acetate.
If you were an element you’d be Francium because you’re the most attractive.
Is there a science room nearby, or am I just sensing the chemistry between us?
I’ve got my ion you, baby!
Your body must be made of oxygen and neon because you are the O-Ne.
Baby you just turned my bronze into iron!
You must be chlorine cause you are polarizing my bond.
You are the HCl to my NaOHWith our sweet love, we could make an ocean together.
You’re like an exothermic reaction; you spread your hotness everywhere!
Can I be the phasor to your electron and take you to an excited state?
I bet you’re like calcium bicarbonate – if I get you wet, the reaction will be explosive!
You make my anoxic sediments want to increase their redox potential.
Hey baby, will a little more alcohol catalyze this reaction?
Your lab or my lab?
If you were a sheep I would clone you!
If you were C6, and I were H12, all we would need is the air we breathe to be sweeter than sugar.
Do you smith Valyrian steel? Because you just gave me one of the hardest swords in the land.
Are you a traitor to the crown? Because I can definitely see you giving head to my pike. 
Are your clothes slavers? Because I’d like to free you of them. 
I am the king, so if you don’t go out with me, I’ll let your dad be beheaded. 
Show me your dragon, I’ll make it spit fire! 
I´ll rip out our tongue, then chop off your head, because you just stole my heart. 
Is that milk of poppy in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
Did it hurt... when you fell from the Moon Door? 
Is your name winter? Because you will be coming soon! 
Winterfell, But I´ll keep you up all night! 
Are you a servant of the Lord of Light, Rh’llor? Because I’m burning up around you.
Are you made of Dragon Glass? Because you’re melting my heart.
Valhar Cunnilingus! 
You must be part halfwit because the only thing you’ll be screaming tonight is my nameAnd my name is Hodor.
I’d climb the entire wall just to get your digits, girl! 
Did you develop the plane? Cause you appear Wright to me.
Hey girl, you won’t need the Rosetta Stone to translate my love for you.
Did your parents work on The Manhattan Project? Because you’re the bomb!
Yea, I’ll try to purchase your love like Jefferson purchased Louisiana.
Like Martin Luther, I’m gonna post 95 reasons that will make you reconsider me.
Damn, girl, you’re hotter than Chicago in 1871.
You make me feel like the French I just want to surrender to you.
Like the German currency post- World War I, you make my heart inflate.
Pope Urban II sent me on a crusade to conquer your heart.
It must be the Reign of Terror, because I am losing my head over you.
My love for you is like the Spanish Armada – unsinkable!
Babe... your love is like a dictatorship... it has absolute power over my heart!
Our love isn’t a jealous love – I won’t go all Napoleon and blockade you from your friends.
No one can debunk the fact that you are the center of my universe...
If you ask Thomas Paine, he’ll tell you that dating me is Common Sense.
The Great Depression is anytime when you’re not around.
Is your name Maya? Because I’d like to sacrifice you to the gods.
I’ll open your heart like Nixon opened the door to China in ’72.
Like America to Hawaii in 1898, you’ve annexed my heart.
Madam, it is imperative that you recognize my natural right to pursue your happiness.
Hey, girl! If you were a president, you’d be Babe-raham Lincoln.
Girl, this evening you’ll be similar to Ben FranklinYou’re gonna find electric power.
Hey, girl! I am falling for you like Berlin wall.
I wish to colonize your heart my dear.
Not even the Berlin Wall could keep me from you my dear.
Like Mao Zedong, I will walk 500 hundred miles for you.
Hey girl, that iron curtain won’t keep us apart.
DrJonas Salk couldn’t create a vaccine to stop my love for you.
I’m sorry I wasn’t part of your past, want me to make it up by being in your future?
Red stone is red, useless is gold, get on your knees, and do what you’re told.
Lapis is blue, Redstone is red, cows say moo, let’s go to bed!
I wouldn’t mind digging straight up if you fell on top of me.
Are you the End? Because you’re out of this world!
Want me to touch your fuel rod?
Girl, are you obsidian? Because I heard you like it hard.
I’m a pig... You’ve got a saddle... What are we waiting for?
Baby, I’m a creeper and you’re the moonI’m gonna cry because you’re gonna leave me soon.
Can I tame you and ride yours forever?
Baby you´re my mob grinder!
Are you glowstone baby? because you light up my world!
Baby you’re the fuel to my furnace; so let’s go smelt together!
Are you a torch? Because you light up my world.
Are you a lever? Because baby you turn me on.
You’re so hot that you can make my furnace burn forever.
If you ask Thomas Paine, he’ll tell you that dating me is Common Sense.
Everyone told me that my chances with you were comparable to a planet forming near an o-type star, but you are kinder and more amazing than they accounted for.
My last partner wasn’t very stableShe spontaneously decayed last week and left me for a neutrino.
Your presence in my life is like gravitational microlensing, and I can see things I didn’t know existed before.
Like the ideal vacuum, you’re the only thing in my universe.
I swear I’m not a physics major.
Those other guys said that your eyes shine like starsBut can they explain how they shine with equal brightness?
Want to meet up so I can excite your natural frequency?
Was that drink magnetic? ‘Cause you are attractive.
According to the second law of thermodynamics, you’re supposed to share your hotness with me.
Your eyes have a perfect wavelength of 563.4 nm.
Even if there were no gravity on Earth, I’d still fall for you!
Hey baby if I supply the voltage and you a little resistance, imagine the current we can make together.
I’m hung like a Foucault pendulum.
I have e=nhf tattooed somewhere elseWanna see?
You are spreading your hotness everywhere like an exothermic reaction.
I can feel the gluons being exchanged between us.
Two large masses that are close together are supposed to radiate gravitational wavesI think that you’re a big part of that.
My love for you is like entropy, it never decreases.
What’s your amplitude for charm-strange mixing?
What’s your resonance frequency?
You are the Higgs Boson of my life, because without you my universe won’t ‘matter’.
Can I have your significant digits?
Does your skin feel burnt? Because I think you must have just fallen down from heaven, and re-entry would have caused some problems for you.
Are you a third generation down quark because I love your bottom!
You must be a star, I can’t stop orbiting around you.
In accordance to the Heisenberg’s Uncertainty Principle of Quantum Mechanics, we may already be in love right now.
Was that drink magnetic? ‘Cause you are attractive.
You must be a magnetic monopole because all I get from you is attraction.
I know we have physics together but I think we might have some chemistry also.
You must be a Magnemite because I’m attracted to you.
Do you know Dig? Because you just dug your way straight to my heart.
Are you an HM move? Because I can’t seem to forget about you.
Want to register your number in my PokeNav?
May I TOGEKISS you?
You’re so hot you must have the Volcano badge.
Can I call you Cinderella? I’m here to be your Prince Charmander.
It feels like my Attack suddenly droppedIt must have been your Charm.
I think I’m going to need a Burn Heal because you’re hot.
Your smile is shiny Like a HyperbeamLike Jesse and James, We’d make a great team.
I’ll stay by your side like Misty and Ash, My love for you burns like A fast Rapidash.
You must be a Charmander because you’re getting me hot.
If I have you, it would be a pure BLISSEY-ing.
ONIX-LY you are the most beautiful person I’ve ever seen.
I don’t have your number in my POKEDEXCan I register it?
Hey girl, are you statically indeterminate? Because I want to figure you out.
Baby, you’re so gneiss I’ll never take you for granite.
Did you just combust?? Because you’re HOT!
Do you think we can make it a step more serious and disable network sharing?
I am ready to git commit.
Baby, you overclock my processor.
You defragment my life.
You’re like an exothermic reaction, you spread your hotness everywhere!
Hey girl, you’ll always be on my L1 cache.
Are you a tower? Because Eiffel for you.
Yes, that is a slide rule in my pocket.
I can only promise one thingThis load will leave you plastically deformed!
Hey baby, are you in construction management, because you sure do know how to erect a structure!
Nice set of parabolas!
I hope you are not Anti-Telescopic, when it comes to...
How much is it going to take to gyrate this mass in you radius?
You are like a high amperage current and I’m a high resistance wire, cause you’ve got me hot.
I like the area bounded by your two curves.
Can I do your Systems Analysis?
Girl when I see that body of yours it creates a stress on my heart and a strain on my steel-beam.
I’d like to see Mohr’s of your circles.
Damn girl you must be a strong magnetic field cause you just induced a flow somewhere in me.
Can I store my pressure inside your vessel?
If I said you had a nice calculator, would you hold it against me?
I’d like to demonstrate with you simple harmonic motion.
My vector can span your subspace.
I’d like to get you under your fume hood!
I’ll dialate you with this bulk modulus.
You can unzip my files anytime.
Can I see your blueprints? I want to lay some pipe in you and need to know that you’re structurally sound enough to do so.
Being without you is like being afflicted with the Cruciatus Curse.
What do you say we disapparate out of here?
If I were to look into the Mirror of Erised, I’d see the two of us together.
Are you a Snitch? Because you’re the finest catch here.
When I look into the Mirror of Erised, I see you giving me your number.
Girl, I hope you like Quidditch, because I’m definitely a keeper.
Can I Weasley my way into your heart?
Do you specialize in getting rid of boggarts? Because you’re making my heart feel riddikulus.
Are we in the Room of Requirements? Because I require you.
So are you a Beater or a Keeper... or both?
The sorting hat is never wrong – I belong in your house.
If I were a sorting hat, I’d put you in my house!
I hear there’s a prophecy about you and meWant to go make it come true?
You’re so charming you should be teaching Professor Flitwick’s class.
Are you a Horcrux? Because I think you just stole a little piece of my soul.
You must be a basilisk, because the moment I looked into your eyes, I froze.
Accio! Sorry, just trying to get my heart back from you.
Your broom must be tired because you’ve been flying through my dreams all night.
Someone call the Dementors ‘cause looking that fine must be a crime.
Bet you can’t guess what Bertie Botts flavor I am.
You must be a master of illusion because all I see is you.
You must be a master of alteration because you got me paralyzed.
You have to be made of Skooma, cause I just got hooked on you.
You must be a master swordsman, because damn, you’re striking.
Just moved to WhiterunIt will be a breeze getting you into my home.
You must be a master of restoration as you’ve restored my heart at the touch of a hand.
I feel like an ice wraithYou’re making me melt.
You must be a master at alchemy because We’re creating chemistry.
You’re hotter than a flame atronach.
I don’t wear daedric armor because the only heart I want is yours.
If I didn’t have you, babe, I’d have to live in Solitude.
Are you wearing an Amulet of Talos? Because baby, you’re reducing my time between shouts by 20%!
Every little thing you do is Magicka!
Is that a sweetroll in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
Is your name clairvoyance? Because you knew the path straight to my heart.
You’re making me feel like I got hit with a Firebolt spell.
It’s not how big the staff is that matters but the magic within.
Are you a magician? Because whenever I look at you, everyone else disappears!
Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile.
Are you religious? Because you're the answer to all my prayers.
Even if there wasn't gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you.
I'm not a photographer, but I can picture me and you together.
Do you work at Starbucks? Because I like you a latte.
If you were a vegetable you'd be a cute-cumber.
If I were a cat I'd spend all 9 lives with you.
Do you play soccer? Because you're a keeper!
Are you African? Because you're a frican babe.
Are you an interior decorator? Because when I saw you, the entire room became beautiful.
Let me tie your shoes, cause I don't want you falling for anyone else.
Are you an omelette? Because you're making me egg-cited!
Did you sit in a pile of sugar? Cause you have a pretty sweet butt.
Do you have a pencil? Cause I want to erase your past and write our future.
Do you know what my shirt is made of? Boyfriend material.
Are you my Appendix? Because I have a funny feeling in my stomach that makes me feel like I should take you out.
Are you a florist? Cause ever since I met you, my life has been Rosey. 
I wanna live in your socks so I can be with you every step of the way.
Did you invent the airplane? Cause you seem Wright for me. 
If God made anything more beautiful than you, I'm sure he'd keep it for himself.
Do you have a map? I'm getting lost in your eyes.
I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
Are you an orphanage? Cause I wanna give you kids.
Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
I was feeling a little off today, but you definitely turned me on.
Are you a fruit, because Honeydew you know how fine you look right now?
Do you live in a corn field, cause I'm stalking you.
Sorry, but you owe me a drink.  Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.
Excuse me, is your name Earl Grey? Because you look like a hot-tea!
I’m not a hoarder but I really want to keep you forever.
Do you have a Band-Aid? Because I just scraped my knee falling for you.
Are you a parking ticket? 'Cause you've got fine written all over you.
Are you mexican? Because you're my juan and only!
Do you drink Pepsi? Because you're so-da-licious!
Do I know you? Cause you look exactly like my next girlfriend.
I'm no organ donor but I'd be happy to give you my heart.
I seem to have lost my phone number. Can I have yours?
Is your nickname Chapstick? Because you’re da balm!
I'm not staring at your boobs. I'm staring at your heart.
Can I take your picture to prove to all my friends that angels do exist?
I’ll give up my morning cereal to spoon you instead.
Can I have your Instagram? My parents said I should follow my dreams.
Is your daddy a Baker? Because you've got some nice buns! 
Do you want to see a picture of a beautiful person? (hold up a mirror)
Are you Australian? Because you meet all of my koala-fications.
I'm not drunk, I'm just intoxicated by YOU.
I was blinded by your beauty... I'm going to need your name and number for insurance purposes.
Is there an airport nearby or is that just my heart taking off?
There must be a lightswitch on my forehead because everytime I see you, you turn me on!
Hi, I'm writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you?
Have you been to the doctor lately? Cause I think you're lacking some Vitamin Me.
Can I follow you home? Cause my parents always told me to follow my dreams.
You look so familiar... didn't we take a class together? I could've sworn we had chemistry.
Hi, I’m Mr. Right. Someone said you were looking for me?
Do you like Nintendo? Because Wii would look good together. 
If you were a flower you'd be a damnnn-delion 
If you were ground coffee, you'd be Espresso cause you're so fine.
Was your dad a boxer? Cause you're a knockout!
You're so beautiful that you made me forget my pickup line.
You shouldn't wear makeup. It's messing with perfection!
If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I'd have a galaxy in my hand.
Damn, if being sexy was a crime, you'd be guilty as charged!
I was wondering if you had an extra heart? Mine seems to have been stolen
Do you smoke pot? Because weed be cute together.
I thought happiness started with an H. Why does mine start with U?
Are you a campfire? Cause you are hot and I want s'more.
If you were a tropical fruit, you'd be a Fine-apple!
Are you a banana? Because I find you a-peeling
Are you Netflix? Because I could watch you for hours.
Are you a bank loan? Because you’ve got my interest
Are you Jewish? Cause you ISRAELI HOT.
You may be asked to leave soon, you're making all the other women look bad.
Are you lost ma'am? Because heaven is a long way from here.
I'm fighting the urge to make you the happiest woman on earth tonight.
You're kinda, sorta, basically, pretty much always on my mind.
Put down that cupcake... you're sweet enough already.
Four plus four equals eight, but you plus me equals fate.
Did you just come out of the oven? Because you're hot!
Did you read Dr. Seuss as a kid? Because green eggs and... damn!
Is your dad a drug dealer? Cause you're so Dope!
Smoking is hazardous to your health... and baby, you're killing me!
Are you Hurricane Katrina? Cause you’re blowing me away.
Me without you is like a nerd without braces, A shoe without laces, aSentenceWithoutSpaces
If I told you that you had a great body, would you hold it against me?
Babe, your beauty makes the morning sun look like the dull glimmer of the moon.
If I’m vinegar, then you must be baking soda. Because you make me feel all bubbly inside!
You must be the cure for Alzheimer’s, because you’re unforgettable.
Please call 9-1-1, because you just made my heart stop!
You're so hot, that if you ate a piece of bread, you'd poop out toast!
Is your name Ariel? Cause we Mermaid for each other!
Charizards are red, Squirtles are blue, if you were a Pokemon, I would choose you!
So, what do you do for a living besides always making all the men excited and warm all over?
Could you please step away from the bar? You’re melting all the ice!
Are you from Russia? ‘Cause you’re Russian my heart rate!
I’m in the mood for pizza... a pizza you, that is! 
I was so content with my life and one day I asked God, what could be better than this? And then I met you.
Most guys need 3 meals a day to keep going... I just need eye contact from you.
Are you from Tennessee? Because you're the only ten I see!
There's only one thing I want to change about you, and that's your last name.
I didn't see any stars in the sky tonight, the most heavenly body was standing right next to me.
Is your dad a terrorist? Because you are the bomb!
I must be a snowflake, because I've fallen for you.
Nice hair, wanna mess it up?
I would flirt with you, but I’d rather seduce you with my awkwardness. 
There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
Baby, if you were words on a page, you'd be what they call FINE PRINT!
Do you work at Dick's? Cause you're sporting the goods.
You must be a hell of a thief because you stole my heart from across the room.
Do you have a twin sister? Then you must be the most beautiful girl in the world!
You know I'd like to invite you over, but I'm afraid you're so hot that you'll skyrocket my air-conditioning bill.
Excuse me, but I think I dropped something. MY JAW!
When God made you, he was showing off.
If you were a booger I'd pick you first.
Do you know what I did last night? I looked up at the stars, and matched each one with a reason why I love you.
Excuse me, I think you have something in your eye. Oh wait, it's just a sparkle.
If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?
If this bar is a meat market, you must be the prime rib.
You must be a very important textbook passage, because seeing you is the highlight of my day.
Are you a magician??? Because Abraca-DAYUM!
You wanna know what's beautiful? Read the first word again.
Your lips look so lonely.... Would they like to meet mine?
My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can't hold it in.
Hello, I'm a thief, and I'm here to steal your heart.
You're so hot you would make the devil sweat.
Hey baby you're so fine you make me stutter, wha-wha-what's your name?
I bet you $20 you're gonna turn me down.
How come you're not on top of a Christmas tree? I thought that's where angels belonged.
Do you have the time?  No, the time to write down my number?
Your legs must be tired because you've been running through my mind all night.
Wouldn't we look cute on a wedding cake together?
Can I borrow a kiss? I promise I'll give it back.
I may not be a genie, but I can make your dreams come true.
Would you grab my arm so I can tell my friends I've been touched by an angel?
Hey... Didn't I see your name in the dictionary under "Shazaam!"?
If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you.
Rejection can lead to emotional stress for both parties involved and emotional stress can lead to physical complications such as headaches, ulcers, cancerous tumors, and even death! So for my health and yours, JUST SAY YES!
Did you have lucky charms for breakfast? Because you look magically delicious!
No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.
Can I borrow your cell phone? I need to call animal control, because I just saw a fox!
Hershey's makes millions of kisses a day.. .all I'm asking for is one from you.
Of all the beautiful curves on your body, your smile is my favorite.
I'm not actually this tall. I'm sitting on my wallet.
When I first saw you I looked for a signature, because every masterpiece has one.
Does your father sell diamonds? Because you are FLAWLESS!
I like Legos, you like Legos, why don't we build a relationship?
Baby I might not be Sriracha sauce but, I sure will spice up your life.
Are you a good cuddler? I might let you join my gang.
Even if you had 0 followers, I’d follow you anywhere.
People call me John, but you can call me tonight.
Was you father an alien? Because there's nothing else like you on Earth!
Life without you would be like a broken pencil... pointless.
If I had a penny for every time I thought of you, I'd have exactly one cent, because you never leave my mind.
Are you a 45 degree angle? Because you’re acute-y!
Is your name Dunkin? Because I Donut want to spend another day without you.
Do you like Star Wars? Because Yoda only one for me!
Call me Shrek because I'm head ogre heels for you!
Do you have advanced radiation poisoning? Because you are glowing!
If I received a nickel for everytime I saw someone as beautiful as you, I'd have five cents.
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
Hello are you married?  Well I didn't hear you say "happily".
You are like a candy bar: half sweet and half nuts.
Hello how are you?  Hey, I didn't ask you how you looked!
Did you clean your pants with Windex? I can practically see myself in them.
How was heaven when you left it?
Did you fart, cause you blew me away.
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
Hey... somebody farted. Let's get out of here.
I didn't know that angels could fly so low!
There must be something wrong with my eyes, I can't take them off you.
You are so fine, I wish I could plant you and grow a whole field of you!
Is your last name Gillette? Because you are the best a man can get.
Is your name "swiffer"? 'Cause you just swept me off my feet.
Excuse me, but you dropped something back there" (What?) "This conversation, lets pick it up later tonight.
Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie to my diary?
Are you cold? You look like you could use some hot chocolate... Well, here I am!
Did you die recently? Cause girl, you look like an angel to me.
I could lay next to you forever... or until we decide to go eat.
Baby, you're so sweet, you put Hershey's outta business.
Wanna go bowling? I thought it might be right up your alley.
Is your name Dwayne Johnson? Because you Rock my world!
You’re not a vegetarian, are you? Because I’d love to meat you.
You’re so attractive that my phone gets hot just from talking to you.
Can I buy you a drink or do you just want the money?
Did the sun come out or did you just smile at me?
So there you are! I've been looking all over for YOU, the woman of my dreams!
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?
Inheriting eighty million bucks doesn't mean much when you have a weak heart.
You see my friend over there?  He wants to know if YOU think I'M cute.
The only thing your eyes haven't told me is your name.
Excuse me, I just noticed you noticing me and I just wanted to give you notice that I noticed you too.
Hey aren't you forgetting something? Me!
Somebody better call God, cuz heaven's missing an angel!
Can I borrow a quarter?  I want to call my mom and tell her I just met the man/woman of my dreams.
If I were a transplant surgeon, I'd give you my heart.
Are you Willy Wonka's daughter, 'cuz you look sweet and delicious.
If you were a transformer, you'd be a HOT-obot, and your name would be Optimus Fine.
Do you remember me?  Oh that's right, we've only met in my dreams.
Did it hurt? (Did what hurt?) When you fell out of heaven?
I'm sorry, were you talking to me?  Well then, please start.
I know milk does a body good, but baby, how much have you been drinking?
I play the field, and it looks like I just hit a home run with you.
I'm new in town. Could you give me directions to your apartment?
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I would put 'U' and 'I' together.
If you were a tear in my eye I would not cry for fear of losing you.
If your heart was a prison, I would like to be sentenced for life.
My lenses turn dark in the sunshine of your love.
What time do you have to be back in heaven?
Baby, I'm no Fred Flintstone, but I can make your Bedrock!
You'd better direct that beauty somewhere else, you'll set the carpet on fire.
 Pardon me, is this seat taken?
Was your father a thief? 'Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.
I love you like a pig loves not being bacon.
Are your parents bakers? Cause they sure made you a cutie pie!
Did you go to bed early last night? From the looks of it, you got your beauty sleep.
What's on the menu? Me-n-U
You're like pizza. Even when you are bad, you're good
I'd say God Bless you, but it looks like he already did.
I must be in a museum, because you truly are a work of art.
My friend thinks you're kinda cute, but I don't... I think you're absolutely gorgeous!
Let's commit the perfect crime: I'll steal your heart, and you'll steal mine.
You spend so much time in my mind, I should charge you rent.
If kisses were snowflakes, I'd send you a blizzard
If stars would fall everytime I would think of you, the sky would soon be empty.
You know, Dr. Phil says I'm afraid of commitment...Want to help prove him wrong?
Do you like Mexican food? Cause I want to wrap you in my arms and make you my BAE-RITTO.
You look cold. Want to use me as a blanket?
Blue eyes, red lips, pale face. So pretty. You look like the flag of France.
Even though there aren't any stars out tonight, you're still shining like one.
If you were a potato you'd be a sweet one.
Please call an ambulance, your beauty is killing me.
Are you my phone charger? Because without you, I'd die.
Are you a hipster, because you make my hips stir.
Are you a cat? Cause you are purrrfect
I wish I was cross eyed, so I could see you twice.
Are you on Nickelodeon? Cause you're a-Dora-ble!
I don't know if you're beautiful, I haven't gotten past your eyes yet.
You don't need keys to drive me crazy.
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to ask you to be your default browser, I’m brave enough to ask you out!
Is Your Dad A Preacher? Cause Girl You’re A Blessing.
Are you a vampire? Cause you looked a little thirsty when you looked at me.
Can I hit you in the face... with my lips?
You may fall from the sky, you may fall from a tree, but the best way to fall... is in love with me.
When I first saw you, I knew we could win the Stanley Cup in tonsil hockey.
My name isn't Elmo, but you can tickle me any time you want to.
Can you take me to the doctor? Because I just broke my leg falling for you.
You must be a ninja, because you snuck into my heart
I need a dollar, but I only have 90 cents... do you want to be my dime?
 When they say, "What are you doing?" You respond: "Yep! Made in heaven!"
Be unique and different, say yes.
Your eyes are blue, like the ocean. And baby, I'm lost at sea.
You know how they say skin is the largest organ on the human body? Not in my case.
My lips are like skittles. Wanna taste the rainbow?
They say dating is a numbers game... so can I get your number?
You be the Dairy Queen and I'll be your Burger King: You treat me right, and I'll do it your way.
(Ask a person for the time) 9:15? So today is May 1, 2008, at 9:15 PM, thanks I just wanted to be able to remember the exact moment that I met the woman of my dreams.
Pinch me.  You're so fine I must be dreaming.
If I had to choose between breathing or loving you, I would say "I love you" with my last breath!
Ouch! My tooth hurts!  Because you are soooo sweet!
I'm not trying to impress you or anything, but... I'm Batman!
You must be from Pearl Harbor, because baby, you're the bomb.
You must be Jamaican, because Jamaican me crazy.
Do you know karate? Because your body is really kickin'.
You must be a high test score, because I want to take you home and show you to my mother.
I’m learning about important dates in history class. Wanna be one of them?
I hear they banned you from school lunches for being so sweet.
I need some answers for my math homework. Quick. What’s your number?
Are you a Snickers bar? Cause you satisfy me.
Is your last name Campbell? Cause you're "mmmm... good!"
You're like a dictionary, you add meaning to my life!
Baby, you are so fine I could put you on a plate and sop you up with a biscuit.
Is there a rainbow today? Because I just found the treasure I've been searching for!
You remind me of a magnet, because you sure are attracting me over here!
Hey, is it just me, or are we destined to be married?
Hello. Are you taking any applications for a boy/girlfriend?
I have an "owie" on my lip. Will you kiss it and make it better?
Let's make like a fabric softener and 'Snuggle
Hi, my name is Doug. That's "god" spelled backwards with a little bit of you wrapped up in it.
If I could reach out and hold a star for everytime you've made me smile, I'd hold the sky in the palm of my hand.
Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?
(Put your fingers on the other's nipples) Hey, here's (name), comin' at you with the weather. Can I be your warm front?
How much does a polar bear weigh?  Enough to break the ice... Hi, I'm (insert name here).
Well, I AM telepathic, and I can tell that you love me. Right?  Darn, I always get "love" and "lust" mixed up.
Should I smile because we are friends, or cry because I know that is what we will ever be?
When I look into your eyes, it is like a gateway into the world of which I want to be a part.
Hey baby. You got a jersey?  Because I need your name and number.
You’re so cute it’s distracting!
Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines. So, do you pick 'Do you come here often?', 'What's your sign?', or 'Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines.'?
(hold out hand) Would you hold this for me while I go for a walk?
This time next year let’s be laughing together.
Is your last name Whitman, because I want to sample you.
On a scale of 1 to 10, you're a 9. I'm the 1 you need.
Hey baby, I must be a light switch, cuz every time I see you, you turn me on!
Are you a beaver? Cause daaaaam!
I hope your day has been as beautiful as you are.
Is your father Little Caesar? Cause you look Hot 'n Ready.
If you were a chicken, you'd be impeccable.
I could use some spare change and you're a dime.
I'm no mathematician, but I'm pretty good with numbers. Tell you what, Give me yours and watch what I can do with it.
Didn't I see you on the cover of Vogue?
Excuse me, I don't want you to think I'm ridiculous or anything, but you are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen. I just felt like I had to tell you.
Have you always been this cute, or did you have to work at it?
Hey, don't I know you? Yeah, you're the girl with the beautiful smile.
Is your father a mechanic? Because you’ve got a finely tuned body!
I have had a really bad day and it always makes me feel better to see a pretty girl smile. So, would you smile for me?
I hope you know CPR, because you take my breath away!
I just had to come talk with you. Sweetness is my weakness.
I think I can die happy now, cause I've just seen a piece of heaven.
Apart from being sexy, what do you do for a living?
I sneezed because God blessed me with you.
Is it hot in here or is it just you?
Nice to meet you, I'm (your name) and you are...gorgeous!
I may not be a genie, but I can make all your wishes come true!
Was your dad king for a day? He must have been to make a princess like you.
Were you arrested earlier? It's gotta be illegal to look that good.
Were your parents Greek Gods, 'cause it takes two gods to make a goddess.
What does it feel like to be the most beautiful girl in this room?
What's that on your face? Oh, must just be beauty. Here, let me get it off. Hey, it's not coming off!
I blame you for global warming... your hotness is too much for the planet to handle!
You are the reason men fall in love.
You know the more I drink, the prettier you get!
You know, I would die happy if I saw you naked just once!
You better call Life Alert, 'cause I've fallen for you and I can't get up.
You're single. I'm single. Coincidence? I think not.
You know, you might be asked to leave soon. You're making the other women look really bad.
You look like my third wife.  Twice.
You make me melt like hot fudge on a sundae.
You should be someone's wife.
Were you in Boy Scouts? Because you sure have tied my heart in a knot.
Are you as beautiful on the inside as you are on the outside?
I want to be your tear drop, so I could be born in your eyes, live on your cheeks, and die on your lips.
I know where they give out free drinks... it’s a place called “My House”!
I can't think of anyone else I’d rather survive a Zombie Apocalypse with.
Babe! you look so fine I could drink your bath water!
If I had a rose for every time I thought of you, I would be walking through my garden forever.
Girl, if I were a fly, I'd be all over you, because you're the shit!
Hey, how did you do that? (What?) Look so good?
Damn girl, you have more curves than a race track.
If you stood in front of a mirror and help up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world.
You are so beautiful that I would marry your brother just to get into your family.
You look like a cool glass of refreshing water, and I am the thirstiest man in the world.
Are you a tamale? 'Cause you're hot.
You are so beautiful that you give the sun a reason to shine.
Do you bleach your teeth? 'Cause your smile lights up the entire room like a candle in the dark. Let's go prove it.
Someone should call the police, because you just stole my heart!
Stop, drop, and roll, baby. You are on fire.
Baby, you're so hot, you make the equator look like the north pole.
Come live in my heart, and pay no rent.
You're hotter than Papa Bear's porridge.
I hope there's a fire truck nearby, cause you're smokin'!
If it weren't for that DAMNED sun, you'd be the hottest thing ever created.
How is your fever?  Oh... you just look hot to me.
Tonight this Han doesn’t want to fly Solo.
I just got dumped, and I think that you could make me feel better.
(Walk up to someone and bite them anywhere) Sorry, taking a bite out of crime.  Well it has to be illegal to look that good!
You are a 9 - you'd be a perfect 10 if you were with me.
Excuse me, I'd like to have kids someday, and I wanted to know how your parents created such a beautiful creature.
You’re my favorite weakness.
You're so hot, I bet you could light a candle at 10 paces.
I can't believe I've been hear the entire evening with all these beautiful people and the moment I find 'The One', all I have time to say is "good bye".
Hey baby, you've got something on your butt - my eyes!
This isn't a beer belly, It's a fuel tank for a love machine.
Baby you make palms sweaty, knees weak, arms spaghetti.
If I was an octopus, all my 3 hearts would beat for you.
Guess what I’m wearing? The smile you gave me!
I don't know you, but I think I love you already.
Here's the key to my house, my car... and my heart.
If we shared a garden, I'd put my tulips and your tulips together. (tulips = two lips)
Is your name Summer? 'Cause you are as hot as hell.
If I had to choose between one night with you or winning the lottery...I would chose winning the lottery...but it would be close...real close...
Do you have any sunscreen? 'Cause you are burning me up!
See these keys? I wish I had the one to your heart.
You're hotter than donut grease.
Your eyes are as blue as window cleaner.
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?
If you were a burger at McDonalds, you'd be McGorgeous.
Are your parents retarded, 'cause you sure are special.
If you could put a price tag on beauty you'd be worth more than Fort Knox.
I must be dancing with the devil, because you're hot as hell.
Are you the moon? Because even when it's dark, you still seem to shine.
Roses are red, my face is too, that only happens when I’m around you.
Roses are red, I have a crush, whenever I’m around you, all I do is blush.
I never need to see the sun again because your eyes light up my world.
How much does it cost to date you? Cause damn, you look expensive!
If you were a steak you would be well done.
It's dark in here. Wait! It's because all of the light is shining on you.
Your hand looks heavy. Let me hold it for you.
Do you have any raisins?  How about a date?
Are you a kidnapper? Because you just abducted my heart.
Is your name Katrina?  'Cuz baby, you rock me like a hurricane!
Can you pull this heart-shaped arrow out of my butt? A damn little kid with wings shot me.
On The Phone
She/He says: "Hold on"
You Say: "Sorry, I can't hold on... I've already fallen for you."
Is your body from McDonald's? Cause I'm lovin' it!
Are you a microwave oven? Cause you melt my heart.
Did you get your license suspended for driving so many guys crazy?
Are you a girl scout, cause you tie my heart in knots.
You're so hot, I could bake cookies on you.
You look beautiful today, just like every other day.
Let's play Winnie the Pooh and get my nose stuck in your honey jar.
When I'm older, I'll look back at all of my crowning memories, and I'll think of the day my children were born, the day I got married, and the day that I met you.
If beauty were time, you'd be eternity.
Is your car battery dead? Because I'd like to jump you.
I'm lost. Can you tell me which road leads to your heart?
Where do you hide your wings?
Is your name Mickey? Because you’re so FINE!
Are you made of grapes? Cause you’re fine as wine.
For a moment I thought I had died and gone to heaven. Now I see that I am very much alive, and heaven has been brought to me.
Forget about Spiderman, Superman, and Batman. I'll be your man.
There isn't a word in the dictionary for how good you look.
Girl, you’re like Mastercard - absolutely priceless.
Fascinating. I've been looking at your eyes all night long, 'cause I've never seen such dark eyes with so much light in them.
You're the only girl I love now... but in ten years, I'll love another girl. She'll call you 'Mommy.'
My doctor says I'm lacking Vitamin U.
I tried my best to not feel anything for you. Guess what? I failed.
Hey, don't frown. You never know who could be falling in love with your smile.
Because of you, I laugh a little harder, cry a little less, and smile a lot more.
Excuse me, but does this smell like chloroform to you?
Most people like to watch the Olympics, because they only happen once every 4 years, but I'd rather talk to you cause the chance of meeting someone so special only happens once in a lifetime.
Can I have directions?  To your heart.
I'm sorry, I don't think we've met. I wouldn't forget a pretty face like that.
Your body is 65% water and I'm thirsty.
There are people who say Disneyland is the happiest place on earth. Apparently, none of them have ever been in your arms. 
Does your left eye hurt? Because you've been looking right all day.
My buddies bet me that I wouldn't be able to start a conversation with the most beautiful girl in the bar. Wanna buy some drinks with their money?
Do you have a name or can I just call you mine? 
With my IQ and your body, we could make a race of superchildren and conquer the earth! 
I will stop loving you when an apple grows from a mango tree on the 30th of February.
If I were a stop light, I'd turn red everytime you passed by, just so I could stare at you a bit longer.
Let's make like the Olympic rings and hook up later. 
Your body is a wonderland, and I'd like to be Alice. 
It's a good thing I wore gloves today. Otherwise you'd be too hot to handle.
Hello. Cupid called. He says to tell you that he needs my heart back.
Is it hot in here or is it just you?
They say milk does a body good, but you’re living proof!
You’re so sweet, you’re giving me a toothache.
I’m going to need a tall glass of cold water, cuz baby you’re making me HOT!
Can you take me to the bakery? Because I want a Cutiepie like you!
Could you please step away from the bar? You’re melting all the ice!
I’m not drunk; I’m just intoxicated by you.
Can you pull this heart-shaped arrow out of my butt? Some little kid with wings shot me.
If kisses were snowflakes, I’d send you a blizzard.
I was so enchanted by your beauty that I ran into that wall over there. So I am going to need your name and number for insurance purposes.
Are those diamonds real?  I was talking about the ones in your eyes.
Your eyes are bluer than the Atlantic ocean, and baby I’m lost at sea!
Hi, did your license get suspended for driving all these guys crazy?
You know, beautiful is my favorite color.  It´s the color of your eyes.
Did the sun come up or did you just smile at me?
Are you lost, ma’am? Because heaven is a long way from here.
I know somebody who likes you, but if I weren’t so shy, I’d tell you who.
You are so sweet you could put Hershey’s out of business.
No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.
You know what’s beautiful? Read the first word.
I think you’ve got something in your eye. Oh never mind, it’s just a sparkle.
Caution: Please keep your distance. I might fall... for you.
If I had a dime for every time I thought of you... I’d have one dime... coz you never left my mind.
Hey there. I’m Mr. Right... someone said you were looking for me.
You look so sweet, you’re giving me a toothache!
Can you give me directions to your heart? I seem to have lost my way in your eyes.
I want to be the reason you look down at your phone and smile. Then walk into a pole.
You must be the square root of two. Cause I feel irrational around you.
I memorized every number in the phone book but managed to lose yours. I’m gonna need to get that.
Your lips look so sweet, just one kiss and I swear I could give up sugar for life!
If you were a steak you would be well done.
Are you sure you’re not an alien because you’ve just abducted my heart!
Is your name Mickey? Because you’re so FINE!
If you were a new hamburger at McDonald’s, you would be a McGorgeous.
(To someone working somewhere where a counter separates you) You’re like a drug to me. Good thing you’re over the counter.
Was your Dad in the Air Force? Because you’re da bomb.
I can’t think of anyone else I’d rather survive a Zombie Apocalypse with.
Are you a Hurricane ? Cause you’re blowing me away.
You must be Jamaican because Jamaican me crazy.
You’re so hot you would make the devil sweat.
Even if there wasn’t any gravity on earth, I would still fall for you!
Was your Dad a baker? Because you’ve got a nice set of buns.
You’re so hot you must’ve started global warming.
Are you a crayon? Cause you bring color to my life.
It’s a good thing I wore my gloves today; otherwise, you’d be too hot to handle.
It’s a good thing that I have my library card. Why? Because I am totally checking you out!!
I think there’s something wrong with my eyes because I can’t take them off you.
If I received a nickel for every time I saw someone as beautiful as you, I’d have five cents.
Are you a parking ticket? Because you’ve got FINE written all over you.
Kiss me if I’m wrong, but dinosaurs still exist right?
Kissing burns 6.4 calories a minute. Wanna workout?
You’re like a Sharpie – super fine.
Can I borrow a kiss? I promise I’ll give it back.
My Zombie plan has been rewritten to include you.
I love you almost as much as I love myself (not really, but you’re still pretty hot).
Does your left eye hurt? Because you’ve been looking right all day.
Please call 9-1-1; my heart just stopped for you.
Are you a camera? Because I smile every time I see you.
If you were a fruit, you would be a fineapple. And if you were a vegetable, I would visit you every day in a hospital.
Are you a banana? Because I find you appealing.
I hope there’s a fireman around, cause you’re smokin’!
Baby, you must be a broom, cause you just swept me off my feet!
You’re awkward, but in a cute way. Like an elevator ride, but with puppies.
I am going to punch you in the mouth with my own mouth softly. Because I like you!
I want someone to look at me the way I look at the chocolate cake.
Hey girl, did we just share electrons? Because I’m feeling a covalent bond between us.
Are you a beaver? Cause daaaaam!
Our smiles should touch now!
I need your help! My mom says that if I don’t get a date by tomorrow, she’s putting me up for adoption.
Is your name Gillette? Because you’re the best a man can get.
I heard you’re good in algebra, can you replace my X without asking Y.
Can I follow you? Cause my mom told me to follow my dreams.
A face without freckles is like a night sky without stars.
Pointing at a spot on a girls face and say; You got a little beauty on your face.
Apart from being sexy, what do you do for a living?
Do you know what do you and the weather have in common? You’re both Hot!
I don’t normally date models but here’s my number.
Are you as beautiful on the inside as you are on the outside?
If you were a laser you would be set on stunning.
I think it is time I tell you what people are saying behind your back. Nice Ass!
I just want you to know, I think you have beautiful eyes but I bet they’re no match for that beautiful soul you have.
If you stood in front of a mirror and held up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world.
I don’t know which is prettier today, the water, the sky or your eyes.
You really shouldn’t wear makeup. You’re messing with perfection!
How does it feel to be the most beautiful girl in this place?
I had a pick up line but, your beautiful eyes continue to interrupt me.
Do you want to see a picture of a beautiful person I know? (hold up a mirror)
You are so beautiful that you give the sun a reason to shine.
Please stop looking so attractive, I’m trying to stop liking you.
Are you full of beryllium, gold, and titanium? Because you are Be-Au-Ti.. Full
I’m a bee, can you be my honey?
What does it feel like to be the most beautiful girl in the room?
When I first saw you I looked for a signature because every masterpiece has one.
If God made every woman as lovely as you, men wouldn’t appreciate beauty as much.
I know why Solomon had 600 wives because he never found you.
Roses are red, violets are blue, lava is hot and so are you.
Are you made out of grapes? Because you are fine as wine!
I would die a million deaths if it meant I could be with you!
So, you must be the reason men fall in love.
A boy gives a girl 12 roses. 11 real, 1 fake and he says to her: I will stop loving you when all the roses die.
There’s side view, rear view, and what else? I loview.
You’ve got a friend with benefits in me!
Do you believe in love at first sight or should I just walk by again?
I love you with all my circles, not my heart. Because hearts break and circles go on forever.
Hershey’s makes millions of kisses a day. All I’m asking for is one from you.
Excuse me, can you empty your pockets? I believe you’ve stolen my heart.
If you wake up in a red room, with no windows or doors, don’t panic... you’re just in my heart!
You’re my favorite weakness.
I could lay next to you forever. Or until we decide to go eat.
God gave us two ears, two eyes, two legs and two hands, but he only gave us one heart, and he wanted me to find you and tell you, you are the second one.
My love for you is like the energizer bunny; it keeps going and going.
I’ll put a teardrop in the ocean. When you find it is when I’ll stop loving you.
Does your watch have a second hand? I want to know how long it took for me to fall in love with you.
If I were a stop light, I’d turn red everytime you passed by, just so I could stare at you a bit longer.
I might be ugly but I’ll treat you right!
If I was an octopus, all my 3 hearts would beat for you.
Is your name Ariel? Cause we Mermaid for each other!
So what haven’t you been told tonight?
All those curves, and me with no brakes!
Are you from Tennessee? Cause you’re the only ten I see!!!
I think I’ve seen you somewhere before. You’re the same girl from my dream last night.
I am a man of few words. You are beautiful. Would you like to go out?
Do you know karate? Cause your body’s kicking!
Hey, I didn’t know angels flew so low.
You know, you might be asked to leave soon. You are making the other women look bad.
You know, it’d be a lot easier for me to sweep you off your feet if you stood up.
I was wondering if you have a moment to spare for me to hit on you?
I can’t take my eyes off of you. Unless, of course, you notice me. Then I’ll quickly look away and act like nothing happened.
Your smile lit up the room, so I just had to come over.
I’m writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you.
If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I’d have a galaxy in my hand.
Guess what I’m wearing? The smile you gave me.
The only thing your eyes haven’t told me is your name.
Excuse me, if I go straight this way, will I be able to reach your heart?
Do you remember me?  Oh that’s right, we’ve only met in my dreams.
It’s not my fault that I fell for you, you tripped me!
Your eyes are like a sunset, they’re Beautiful, inspiring, and hard to turn away from.
You’re so beautiful you made me forget my pick-up line.
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?
I was reading in numbers and I realized I don’t have yours.
I value my breath so it would be nice if you didn’t take it away everytime you walked by.
Babe, your beauty makes the morning sun look like the dull glimmer of the moon.
May I have the distinguished honor and privilege of sitting next to you?
If a star fell for every time I thought of you, the sky would be empty.
I wish I was one of your tears, so I could be born in your eyes, run down your cheek, and die on your lips.
I am looking for someone to share in an adventure.
You’re my cup of tea.
Hey, no offense, but do you want to hold hands?
Hey, you can’t spell Calculus without us.
So, it is entirely possible that I might like you just a little bit.
Is your name Wi-Fi? Cause I’m feeling a connection.
You breathe oxygen? We have so much in common.
How is it that I know so many digits of Pi, yet I know 0 digits of your phone number?
Roses are red, bananas are yellow, wanna go out with a nice little fellow?
You are like a candy bar: half sweet and half nuts.
Can I borrow a quarter?  (if she says sure or something else get her to ask you why) So I can call my mom and tell her I just met the girl of my dreams. (have something prepared to quickly follow through)
Your mom told me to say Hi to you.
Did it hurt when you fell?  When you fell from heaven?
You’re so hot; you make the sun envious.
Vogue just called, they want to put you on the cover.
Is your name Summer? Cause you are hot!
Was your dad king? He must have been to make a princess like you.
Where do you hide your wings?
Is your dad a jewel thief? because you’re a real gem.
Was your father an alien? Because there’s nothing else like you on earth!
I didn’t believe in heaven until I saw you.
Girl, are you a cop?  Cause you’re America’s Finest.
I think you just stole something.  My heart.
Did you have Campbell’s soup today? Because you’re lookin’ Mmmm Mmm Good.!
Do you have an eraser? Because I can’t get you out of my mind.
I must be lost... because I see paradise.
You are the reason Santa even has a naughty list.
Let’s commit the perfect crime: I’ll steal your heart, and you’ll steal mine.
Is your dad an art thief? Because you’re a masterpiece.
I hope you know CPR because you take my breath away!
Do you have a band-aid?  Because I just scraped my knee falling for you!
I know I don’t have a chance, but I just wanted to hear an angel speak.
I have just realized that heaven’s missing an Angel.
I must be in heaven because I’m looking at an angel!
Damn girl, I thought diamonds were pretty until I laid my eyes on you!
We haven’t even spoken yet, and I’m already on my knees!
I wasn´t sure if you were a beautiful angel or a sexy devil, but now that I’m close I see heaven in your eyes.
Is there an airport nearby or is that my heart taking off?
Are you religious? ‘Cause you’re the answer to all my prayers.
Would you touch me so I can tell my friends I’ve been touched by an angel?
If I had to rate you out of 10 I’d rate you a 9... because I am the one that you are missing!
Your father must have been a thief. Because he stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.
If beauty were time, you’d be the eternity.
Baby, if you were words on a page, you’d be what they call FINE PRINT!
There are 20 angels in the world 11 are playing, 8 are sleeping, and 1 of them is standing in front of me.
Do you have a map? Because I just keep getting lost in your eyes!
If you were a teardrop, I would never cry for the fear of losing you.
Your legs must be tired.  Because you have been running through my mind all night!
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I would put U & I together.
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
Hey Girl, feel my sweater. Know what it’s made of? Boyfriend material.
Is your daddy a baker? Because you’re sweet as hell!
Hey, Beautiful! That’s your name, right?
You know what you’d look really beautiful in? My arms!
Are you a girl scout? Because you tie my heart in a knot.
If I were a letter in the alphabet, I’d be Q, so I could always be next to U.
You’re so sweet, you’re giving me cavities!
What time do you have to be back in heaven?
Are you from the moon? Cause your physique is out of this world.
Hey, gorgeous! I’ve just finished studying the book of numbers. But I noticed I don’t have yours.
Are you a 90-degree angle? Cause you are looking right!
Can I get your picture to prove to all my friends that angels really do exist?
Me without you is like a nerd without braces, A shoe without laces, aSentenceWithoutSpaces.
If LOVE was written on every grain of sand in the Sahara Desert that still doesn’t equal my love for you.
I just wanted to show this rose how incredibly beautiful you are!
What are you doing for the rest of your life? Because I want to spend it with you.
Roses are red, Tomatoes are redder, I think we both know, I like you way better.
Wanna date me? Yes = smile. No = backflip.
Are you going to kiss me or am I going to have to lie to my journal?
When I’m older, I’ll look back at all of my crowning memories, and I’ll think of the day my children were born, the day I got married, and the day that I met you.
I’m fighting the urge to make you the happiest woman on earth tonight.
Hey, is it just me or are we destined to be married?
You may be out of my sight but not out of my heart. You may be out of my reach, but not out of my mind. I may mean nothing to you but you’ll always be special to me.
I may not be a Genie, But I can make your dreams come true.
You wanna know what’s the best thing in my life? It’s the first word of this sentence ;)
I wrote your name in the sky; a cloud removed that. I wrote your name in the sand; air blew that away. I wrote your name in my heart and nothing can remove it.
You know what would look cute? You and I, on a wedding cake together.
Let me tie your shoes, cause I don’t want you falling for anybody else.
Do you have a name? Or can I call you mine?
I thought happiness started with an H. Why does mine start with U?
You know how I feel about you – it’s like you’re a fossil sample and I’m an impatient paleontologist because I want to date you badly.
Have you ever had a guy follow you across the quad (or into a coffeehouse, onto the Metro) because he liked your smile?
You’re too pretty to be real. May I pinch you to see if I’m dreaming?
Do you have a pencil? Cause I want to erase your past and write our future.
Hey, you’re pretty and I’m cute. Together we’d be a pretty cute couple.
Hey, you know Dr. Phil says I am afraid of commitment....Do you want to prove him wrong?
Apples are red; bananas are yellow. How would you like to go out with a cute little fellow?
So, if you’re down here – who’s up there running heaven?
If you held up 8 roses in the mirror, you would be able to see the 9 most beautiful things in the world.
Hey, I think you have something in your eye. Never mind, that’s just your sparkle.
Your eyes are clearer than the ocean. I can see right through to your soul.
So, what time do you have to be back in heaven?
My friend over there thinks you’re kind of cute, but I don’t think so. I think you’re gorgeous.
I finally figured out why the sky was so grey this morning – all of the blue was in your eyes.
Hey, do you happen to have a Bandaid? I scraped my knee up pretty bad when I fell for you.
Are you a magician? Because every time I look into your eyes, everyone else suddenly disappears.
I always thought that happiness began with an h, but as it turns out, mine starts with a u.
I had planned to say something really sweet about you, but the second I saw you, I was absolutely speechless.
Of all the beautiful curves on your body, your smile is my favorite one.
If I followed you home tonight, would you promise to keep me?
Hey, can you tell me what time it is? I just want to remember the exact moment I met the woman of my dreams.
What else do you do for a living – you know, aside from being drop-dead sexy?
Kiss me if I’m wrong, but there are still dinosaurs out there, right?
Girl, if you were a vegetable, you would be a cutecumber.
I really envy the coffee cup that’s lucky enough to kiss your lips every morning.
How about we flip a coin? If it lands on heads, you’re mine. If it lands on tails, I’m all yours.
Listen, don’t freak out if a fat man kidnaps you in the middle of the night and puts you into a big bag. I told Santa that I wanted you for Christmas this year.
You breathe oxygen, too? We have so much in common.
I couldn’t help but notice that your lips look really lonely. Would they like to come over and meet mine?
Okay, I’m here. Now, what are your other two wishes?
I just had one question: Have you always been this adorable? Or is this something you had to work at?
Hey girl, feel my shirt. Do you know what material it’s made out of? Boyfriend material.
I’m going to give you a kiss, and if you don’t like it, you can always return it.
You know, your hand looks really heavy. Why don’t you let me hold it for you?
Do you happen to love water? Good. That means that you love 80% of me.
Your face looks so familiar. Did we take a class together? I could have sworn we had chemistry.
I have had a really bad day, and it always makes me feel better to see a pretty girl smile. So, would you smile for me?
I may not be the best-looking guy here, but I’m the only one talking to you.
I lost my rubber duckie. Would you bathe with me instead?
Hi, will you help me find my lost puppy? I think he went into this cheap motel room across the street.
I used to be a Gambler, but then I realized that all I needed was the Queen of my Heart.
You look cold. Want to use me as a blanket?
Your lips look so lonely.... Would they like to meet mine?
Was you father an alien? Because there’s nothing else like you on Earth!
I don’t know if you’re beautiful, I haven’t gotten past your eyes yet.
You be the Dairy Queen, and I’ll be your Burger King: You treat me right, and I’ll do it your way.
You are sexy; you are fine. I really wanna make you mine.
If I were a stop light, I’d turn red every time you passed by so that I could stare at you a bit longer.
Are you made out of grapes? Because you are fine as wine!
Can you kiss me on the cheek so I can at least say a cute girl kissed me tonight?
Did you die recently? Cause girl, you look like an angel to me.
Honey, you give new meaning to the definition of ‘edible’.
Can you touch me? I want to tell my friends I was touched by an Angel.
Are you a camera cause every time I look at you I smile.
I heard you’re good in algebra, can you replace my X without asking Y?
I wish I was one of ur tears, so I could be born in your eyes, run down your cheek, and die on your lips.
Your mom told me to say Hi to you.
How does it feel? she ask’s what; you say 2 be the only star in the sky.
Is Your Dad A Preacher? Cause Girl You’re A Blessing
Are you a magician? Because whenever I look at you, everyone else disappears!
You look familiar, didn’t we take a class together? I could’ve sworn we had chemistry.
Are you religious? Because you’re the answer to all my prayers.
Of all your beautiful curves, your smile is my favorite.
I seem to have lost my phone number. Can I have yours?
My friends bet I can’t talk to the prettiest girl. Wanna use their money to buy drinks?
Are you my Appendix? Because I have a funny feeling in my stomach, that makes me feel like I should take you out.
You really shouldn’t wear makeup. You’re messing with perfection!
Sorry, but you owe me a drink.  Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.
I just had to come talk with you. Sweetness is my weakness.
Do you know what my shirt is made of? Boyfriend material.
I may not be the best-looking guy here, but I’m the only one talking to you.
I’m sorry, I don’t think we’ve met. I wouldn’t forget a pretty face like that.
Can I borrow a quarter?  I want to call my mom and tell her I just met the man/woman of my dreams.
Does your left eye hurt? Because you’ve been looking right all day.
Are you as beautiful on the inside as you are on the outside?
If God made anything more beautiful than you, I’m sure he’d keep it for himself.
Hey, aren’t you forgetting something? (What?) Me!
Is there an airport nearby or is that just my heart taking off?
9:15? So today is August 5, 2016, at 9:15 PM. Thanks, I just wanted to be able to remember the exact moment that I met the woman of my dreams.
Hey there! You’re pretty, and I’m cute. Together, we would be Pretty Cute.
Cupid called! He wanted me to let you know that he needs my heart back.
Excuse me, could you give me the direction to your heart? I seem to have gotten lost in your eyes.
I can die happy now. You know why? Because today, I saw a little piece of heaven.
I looked for a signature when I first saw you – every masterpiece has one.
Am I dead? Because I’m pretty sure I just saw an angel.
You must be hairspray because I can’t seem to get you out of my head.
If I was given a star for each time I thought of you, I would have an entire galaxy to admire.
If a star fell from the sky each time I thought of you, the entire sky would be empty.
Every time I catch my breath around you, you turn around and make me lose it again.
Hey girl, do you know what you would be really stunning in? My arms.
I don’t know why you bother wearing makeup. There’s no reason to mess with perfection.
I don’t think there’s a single word in the dictionary that could possibly describe how beautiful you are.
I had a really bad day today, but seeing a pretty girl’s smile always makes me feel better. Would you smile for me?
Girl, if you were a fruit, you’d be a fineapple.
Hey, do you mind if I tie your shoes? I don’t want you falling for anyone else.
What’s your name, or should I just call you mine?
Hey, is your name Google? Because you seem to have everything I want.
I’m not a photographer, but I can definitely picture us together.
I couldn’t help but notice that you look a lot like my next girlfriend.
Your face must be from McDonald’s because I’m lovin’ it.
Do you believe in love at first sight, or do you need me to walk by again?
Girl, you remind me of chapstick because you’re the balm.
If you were words on a page, you’d be the fine print.
Hey, is your name Waldo by any chance? Because someone like you is really hard to find.
Excuse me, your name must be Grace, right? Because you are so amazing.
I had to ask – did you get your license suspended? Because you are driving all of these other guys crazy.
My magical watch is telling me that you don’t have any panties on. Oh, you do? Well, it must just be 15 minutes fast.
Every time I look down at the keyboard, I always see U and I together.
I’m really afraid of the dark. Would you mind sleeping with me tonight?
I’ll give up my morning cereal to spoon you instead.
Do you like this shirt? Thanks, it’s made out of boyfriend/girlfriend material. 
Even if you had 0 followers, I’d follow you anywhere.
Kiss me if I’m wrong, but dinosaurs still exist, right?
If Princess Toad looked liked you, I would have killed Bowser years ago.
Can I have your Instagram? My parents said I should follow my dreams.
Nice hair, wanna mess it up?
Hey, do you happen to have a Bandaid? I scraped my knee up pretty bad when I fell for you.
Are you a time traveler? Cause I see you in my future!
If you were steak, you’d be well done.
You don’t know how many times I’ve had to swipe left to find you.
I would flirt with you, but I’d rather seduce you with my awkwardness. 
Do you live in a museum? Because you truly are a work of art.
My lips are like skittles. Wanna taste the rainbow?
If you and I were socks we’d sure make a great pair. 
I wish I were cross-eyed so I could see you twice.
If I could rearrange the alphabet I would put U and I together.
Do your legs hurt from running through my dreams all night?
I’ll nickname you bannana because I find you a-peeling.
Are you a magician??? Because Abraca-DAYUM!
Have you been to the doctor’s lately? Because I think you’re lacking some vitamin me.
My doctor says I’m lacking vitamin U.
If you were a triangle, you’d be a acute one. 
Are you a keyboard? Because you sure are my type. 
I’ve lost my number, can I have yours? 
You breathe oxygen, too? We have so much in common.
You raise my dopamine levels.
You make me wanna clean up my room.
You must be a magician because every time I look at you everyone else disappears. 
Your daddy must be a drug dealer because you’re dope. 
Do you like raisins? How do you feel about a date?
Let’s flip a coin. Head’s your mine, tail’s I’m yours.
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world? 
You must have the power to change gravity because you knocked me off my feet.
I think there’s something wrong with my eyes, I can’t take them off of you.
Let’s make like fabric softener and Snuggle. 
Is your name Wi-Fi? Because I’m feeling a connection.
Did it hurt when you fell from heaven?
Can you be the Harley Quinn to my Joker, cause I like em’ crazy!
Do you use Waze? I need to find the fastest route to your heart.
If you were a chicken you’d be impeccable. 
Are you a parking ticket? Because you have fine written all over you. 
Are you an omelette? Because you’re making me egg-cited.
Are you a hurricane? Because you’re blowing me away. 
Can I tie your shoes? Cause I don’t want you to fall for someone else.
You look a lot like my next soul mate.
Are you an alien? Because you’re out of this world!
Do you believe in love at first sight or should I walk by again? 
If I said you had a great body, would you hold it against me?
Let’s plant a garden to put our tulips together!
Aside from taking my breath away, what do you do for a living?
Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes? 
Can I be your next mistake?
Are you a bank loan? Because you’ve got my interest.
If you were a vegetable, you’d be a cute-cumber.
If you were word on a page you’d be fine print. 
It’s a good thing I have my library card, because I’m totally checking you out. 
Life without you is like a broken pencil… pointless. 
Are you a beaver? Because dam!
You put the cheese in my macaroni.
Can I borrow a kiss? I promise I’ll return it.
Is it hard being that cute?
If you were a soccer play, you’d be a keeper.
I’m no electrician, but I can light up your day.
You dropped something. My jaw!
Are you tired? Cause you’ve been running through my mind all day.
May I end this sentence with a proposition?
I know you’re busy today but can you add me to your to-do list?
Hey, I think you have something in your eye. Never mind, that’s just your sparkle.
Wouldn’t we look good on a wedding cake together?
If you were a pill, I’d overdose!
Your mom will love me.
I may not be DQ, but I could treat you right.
There’s only one thing I would change about you. Your last name. 
If I were a transplant surgeon, I’d give you my heart.
Do you have a map? I keep getting lost in your eyes.
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I’ve been searching for.
Is your name Campbell? Because you’re mmm mmm good.
You see my friend over there? They want to know if you think I’m cute.
You’re so cute you make me stutter. Wha-wha-what’s your name?
Me without you is like a nerd without braces, a shoe without laces, a sentencewithoutspaces.
Do you work at Starbucks? Because I like you a latte.
If I were a cat I’d spend all nine lives with you.
Are you my Appendix? Because there’s a funny feeling in my stomach telling me I should take you out.
Did you invent the airplane? Because you sure seem Wright for me.
Is your nickname Chapstick? Because you’re da balm!
If you were a flower you’d be a daaaaaamnnn-delion.
If you were a tropical fruit, you’d be a fine-apple!
Is your name Ariel? Cause we mermaid for each other!
Do you work at Dick’s? Cause you’re sporting the goods.
You must be a very important passage in a textbook, because seeing you is the highlight of my day.
Did you have lucky charms for breakfast? Because you look magically delicious!
Do you like Star Wars? Because Yoda only one for me!
Call me Shrek because I’m head ogre heels for you.
Wanna go bowling? I thought it might be right up your alley.
Excuse me, I just noticed you noticing me and I just wanted to give you notice that I noticed you too.
If your heart was a prison, I would like to be sentenced for life.
I love you like a pig loves not being bacon.
Are you parents bakers? Because you are a cutie pie.
Are you a cat? Cause you are purrrfect
